---
title: Sexuality Education
permalink: /information-for-parents/useful-information/sexuality-education/
description: ""
third_nav_title: Useful Information
---
<p><strong>MOE Sexua</strong><strong>l</strong><strong>ity Education in Schools</strong></p>
<p>Sexuality Education (SEd) in schools is about enabling students to understand the physiological, social&nbsp;and emotional changes they experience as they mature, develop healthy and rewarding relationships including those with members of the opposite sex, and make wise, informed and responsible decisions on sexuality matters. SEd is premised on the importance of the family as the basic unit of society. This means encouraging healthy, heterosexual marriages and stable nuclear family units with extended family support. The teaching and learning of SEd is based on respect for the values and beliefs of the different ethnic and religious communities in Singapore on sexuality issues.&nbsp;</p>
<p>The goals of Sexuality Education are:</p>
<p style="padding-left: 40px;">(i) To help students make wise, responsible and informed decisions through the provision of accurate, current and age-appropriate knowledge on human sexuality and the consequences of sexual activity;<br />(ii) To help students know themselves and build healthy and rewarding relationships through the acquisition of social and emotional skills of self-awareness, management of their thoughts, feelings and behaviours, development of empathy for others, possession of effective communication, problem-solving and decision-making skills; and<br />(iii) To help students develop a moral compass, respect for themselves and for others as sexual beings, premised on the family as the basic unit of society, through the inculcation of positive mainstream values and attitudes about sexuality.</p>
<p>The key messages of Sexuality Education are:</p>
<p style="padding-left: 40px;">(i) Love and respect yourself as you love and respect others;<br />(ii) Build positive relationships based on love and respect (which are the foundation for strong families);<br />(iii) Make responsible decisions for yourself, your family and society; and<br />(iv) Abstinence before marriage is the best protection against STIs/HIV and unintended pregnancies. Casual sex can harm and hurt you and your loved ones.</p>
<p>You may click <a href="https://www.moe.gov.sg/education-in-sg/our-programmes/sexuality-education"><strong>here</strong></a> for more information on MOE Sexuality Education.</p>
<p><strong>Overview of Chongzheng Primary School's Sexuality<br /></strong><strong>Education Programme for 2021</strong></p>
<p>Sexuality Education is delivered in a holistic manner through the school curriculum. The content for Sexuality Education is grouped into five main themes: Human Development, Interpersonal Relationships, Sexual Health, Sexual Behaviour, and, Culture, Society and Law. You may click&nbsp;<a href="https://www.moe.gov.sg/education-in-sg/our-programmes/sexuality-education/scope-and-teaching-approach" target="_blank" rel="noopener"><strong>here</strong></a>&nbsp;for more information on the scope of Sexuality Education in the school curriculum.&nbsp;</p>
<p><br />The subjects that incorporate topics on sexuality include:</p>
<p style="padding-left: 40px;">a. Science<br />b. Form Teacher Guidance Period (FTGP)<br />c. Character and Citizenship Education (CCE)</p>
<p><strong><u>Growing Years (GY) Programme</u></strong>: &ldquo;Curious Minds (2<sup>nd</sup>&nbsp;Edition)&rdquo; (Primary 5 &amp; 6) Teaching &amp; Learning resource package</p>
<p>The upper primary years mark the onset of puberty. With better nutrition and improved health care, children are reaching puberty at a younger age and have to grapple with physical, emotional and psychological changes in themselves. The implication is that our children are becoming biologically ready for sexual activity sooner without necessarily having the corresponding cognitive or emotional maturity to modulate their behaviours. &ldquo;Curious Minds&rdquo; is a response to these challenges.</p>
<p>The refreshed Primary 5 &amp; 6 Growing Years (GY) package, &ldquo;Curious Minds (2<sup>nd</sup>&nbsp;Edition)&rdquo;, aims to meet students&rsquo; developmental needs, give emphasis to the teaching of skills and values, and focus on helping&nbsp;students navigate&nbsp;<em>changes</em>, build healthy&nbsp;<em>relationships</em>, especially online relationships, and exercise&nbsp;<em>safety</em>.</p>
<p><strong>The lessons from the Growing Years Programme that will be taught in Chongzheng Primary School in 2021 can be found&nbsp;<a href="/files/CZPS%20GY%20Lessons%202021.pdf" target="_blank" rel="noopener">here</a>.</strong></p>
<p><strong>Information for Parents</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Parents may opt their children out of the Growing Years programme, and/or supplementary sexuality education programmes by MOE-approved external providers.</li>
<li>Parents who wish to opt their children out of the Growing Years (GY) programme need to complete an opt-out form. This form will be distributed to parents at the first week of the term when the GY programme would be held and is also downloadable <a href="/files/Opt-Out%20Form_2021.pdf" target="_blank" rel="noopener"><strong>here</strong></a>. For P6 pupils, the deadline for submission of opt-out form is 31 Mar 2021 and for P5 pupils, the deadline is 7 Jul 2021.</li>
<li>Parents can contact the school at <a href="mailto:czps@moe.edu.sg">czps@moe.edu.sg</a>&nbsp;for discussion or to seek clarification about the school&rsquo;s sexuality education programme.</li>
<li>Parents, who wish to attend the school sexuality education programmes, should contact the school to make the necessary arrangements.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>